Which word is least like the others? Third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth?	Third, it is the only one not ending in \u201cth\u201d.
What has to be broken before you can use it?	An egg.
I shave every day but my beard never changes. What am I?	A barber.
A man walks outside into the pouring rain yet not a hair on his head gets wet. How is this possible?	He\u2019s bald.
What has many keys but can never open a lock?	A piano.
What word is pronounced the same if you remove four of its five letters?	Queue.
What can you hold in your left hand but not in your right?	Your right elbow.
What can\u2019t be put in a saucepan?	Its lid.
I have many ears but am unable to hear. What am I?	A cornfield.
How many letters are in the alphabet?	There are 11 letters in \u201cthe alphabet.\u201d
There is a house. One enters it blind and comes out seeing. What is it?	A school.
What has 13 hearts but no other organs?	A deck of cards.
What can\u2019t talk but will reply when spoken to?	An echo.
What would you find in the middle of Toronto?	The letter \u201co\u201d.
Which coat goes on best when wet?	A coat of paint.
What is always in front of you but can\u2019t be seen?	The future.
There is a single-story yellow and pink house and everything is yellow and pink: yellow bricks, yellow doors, yellow windows, yellow walls, a pink cat, a pink fish, a pink computer, a pink chair, a pink table, a pink telephone, a pink shower. What color is the staircase?	There are no stairs. It\u2019s a one-story house.
What breaks but never falls and falls but never breaks?	Day and night.
What gets bigger when more of it is taken away?	A hole.
There is a word that could be written forward, backward, or upsidedown and can still be read left to right. What is the word?	NOON.
What goes up but never comes down?	Your age.
What can run but never walk, have a mouth that never speaks, have a head that never weeps, and have a bed but never sleeps?	A river.
The more of this there is, the less you see. What is it?	Darkness.
A man was found murdered on Sunday morning. His wife immediately called the police. The police went to the crime scene and question the wife and staff and got these alibis: The wife said she was sleeping, the cook was eating breakfast, the gardener was picking vegetables, the maid was getting the mail, the butler was cleaning the closet. The police instantly arrested the murderer. Who did it and how did they know?	It was the Maid. She said she was getting the mail but there\u2019s no mail on Sundays!
A man is looking at a picture of a man on the wall and states, \u201cBrothers and sisters I have none, but this man\u2019s father is my father\u2019s son.\u201d Who is the man in the picture in relation to the man looking at the picture?	The man in the picture is his son (the man\u2019s son). Since he doesn\u2019t have any brothers or sisters, the statement my father\u2019s son is himself. A shortened version would be this man\u2019s father is myself, so he is the father of the man in the picture.
What gets wet as it continues to dry?	A towel.
Which word is always spelled incorrectly in the dictionary?	Incorrectly.
What fills a room without taking up any space?	Light.
Drop me and I\u2019m sure to crack but lend me a smile and I\u2019ll certainly smile back. What am I?	A mirror.
I have branches but no fruit, trunk, or leaves. What am I?	A bank.
All 5 sisters are busy. Ann is reading a book, Rose is cooking, Katy is playing chess, and Mary is doing the laundry. What is the 5th sister doing?	She\u2019s playing chess, of course!
A man dies of old age on his 25th birthday. How is this possible?	He was born on leap day, February 29th.
The more you take, the more you leave behind. What are they?	Footsteps.
A man is found hanging dead from the ceiling of a room. The room\u2019s dimensions are 15 x 15 x 15. The man is only 6ft tall and the rope was only 2ft long. There are no windows and only one door into the room. The door is bolted shut from the inside and there is a puddle of water under the man. How did he kill himself?	The man stood on a block of ice.
What can you keep after giving it to someone?	Your word.
A man calls his dog from the opposite side of a river. The dog crosses the river without a bridge or a boat and manages to not get wet. How is this possible?	The river was frozen.
There is a word I know, six letters it contains but, remove one letter, and twelve remains. What is the word?	Dozens.
You walk into a dark room holding a match and find a kerosene lamp, a candle, and a fireplace. Which do you light first?	The match.
You walk into a creepy house by yourself. There is no electricity, plumbing, or ventilation. Inside you notice 3 doors with numbers on them. Once you open the doors you will die a particular way. Door #1 You\u2019ll be eaten by a lion who is hungry. Door #2 You\u2019ll be stabbed to death. Door #3 There is an electric chair waiting for you. Which door do you pick?	Door #3, since there is no electricity to harm you.
What is black when it\u2019s clean and white when it\u2019s dirty?	A chalkboard.
What is full of holes but still can hold water?	A sponge.
If you\u2019ve got it, you\u2019ll want to share it but once you\u2019ve shared it, you haven\u2019t kept it. What is it?	A secret.
If two\u2019s company and three\u2019s a crowd, what are four and five?	Nine.
The answer I give is yes, but what I mean is no. What was the question?	\u201cDo you mind?\u201d
You see a boat full of people yet there is not a single person on board. How is this possible?	All of those onboard are married.
It belongs to you but others use it more than you do. What is it?	Your name.
What five-letter word has one left when two are removed?	Stone.
You see me once in June, twice in November, and not at all in May. What am I?	The letter \u201ce\u201d.
A girl goes to the store and buys one dozen eggs. As she walks home, all but three break. How many eggs are left unbroken?	Three.
Which is heavier: a ton of bricks or a ton of feathers?	Neither because they both weigh a ton.
Four hang, four sprang, two point the way, two to ward off dogs, one dangles after, always rather dirty. What am I?	A cow.
I talk, but I do not speak my mind. I hear words, but I do not listen to thoughts. When I wake, all see me. When I sleep, all hear me. Many heads are on my shoulders. Many hands are at my feet. The strongest steel cannot break my visage, but the softest whisper can destroy me.	An actor.
I\u2019m lighter than a feather yet the strongest person can\u2019t hold me for more than six minutes. What am I?	Your breath.
Two fathers and two sons are in a car yet there are only three people in the car. How is this possible?	They are a grandfather, father, and son.
Three doctors said that Robert is their brother. Robert says he has no brothers. Who\u2019s lying?	No one is lying\u2013 Robert has 3 sisters who all happen to be doctors.
What is so fragile that saying its name breaks it?	Silence.
The person who makes it has no need of it; the person who buys it has no use for it. The person who uses it can neither see nor feel it. What is it?	A coffin.
What word in the English language has three consecutive double letters? (Clue: it\u2019s a compound word.)	Bookkeeper.
If there are five apples and you take away three, how many apples do you have?	Three.
Where does today come before yesterday?	In the dictionary.
People make me, save me, change me, and raise me. What am I?	Money.
What is the last thing you take off before bed?	Your feet from the floor!
What kind of room has no windows or doors?	A mushroom!
You bought me for dinner but never eat me. What am I?	Silverware.
What can you break, even if you never pick it up or touch it?	A promise.
What invention allows people to look right through a wall?	A window.
What continues to go up and down without moving?	Stairs.
What begins with \u201ce\u201d and only contains one letter?	An envelope.
What question can you never answer yes to?	Are you asleep yet?
I am an odd number but once you take away a letter, I become even. What number am I?	Seven.
If you\u2019re running in a race and you pass the person in second place, what place are you now in?	Second place.
1 rabbit saw 9 elephants while going to the river.  Every elephant saw 3 monkeys going toward the river. Each monkey had 1 parrot in each hand. How many animals are going towards the river?	10 animals are going towards the river. (1 rabbit + 3 monkeys + 6 parrots)
Which five-letter word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it?	Short.
There\u2019s a one-story house in which everything is yellow. Yellow walls, yellow doors, yellow furniture. What color are the stairs?	There aren\u2019t any because it\u2019s a one-story house.
I\u2019m tall when I\u2019m young, and I\u2019m short when I\u2019m old. What am I?	A candle.
What three numbers, none of which are zero, give the same result whether they\u2019re added or multiplied?	One, two, and three.
Which month of the year has 28 days?	All of them.
Mom and dad have four daughters, and each daughter has one brother. How many people are in the family?	7\u2013 each daughter has the same brother.
What is at the end of everything?	The letter \u201cg\u201d.
What we caught, we threw away. We kept what we didn\u2019t catch. What was it that we kept?	Lice.
Forward I am heavy but backward I am not. What am I?	The word \u201cton\u201d.
What has four wheels and flies?	A garbage truck.
What runs through cities and fields but never moves?	A road.
