What has one eye but can't see?
What has legs but doesn't walk?
What can you catch but not throw?
What kind of band never plays music?
What has many teeth but can't bite?
What has words but never speaks?
What has a thumb and four fingers but is not a hand?
What building has the most stories?
What kind of coat is best put on wet?
It belongs to you, but other people use it more than you do. What is it?
Which letter of the alphabet has the most water?
What kind of dog keeps the best time?
What time of day, when written in a capital letters, is the same forwards, backwards and upside down?
What is a tasty reward given to well behaved dogs and kids?
What is a caribbean shape that makes ships disappear?
What has a face and two hands but no arms or legs?
What five-letter word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it?
What word begins and ends with an 'E' but only has one letter?
What has a neck but no head?
What type of cheese is made backwards?
What gets wetter as it dries?
What starts with a 'P', ends with an 'E' and has thousands of letters?
What has to be broken before you can eat it?
What begins with T, ends with T and has T in it?
Teddy bears are never hungry because they are always what?
The more you take aways, the larger it becomes? What is it?
What is full of holes, but can still hold a lot of water?
Where do fish keep their money?
What do you get when you cross an automobile with a household animal?
Mary's father has 4 children; three are named Nana, Nene, and Nini. So what is the 4th child's name?
What bone has a sense of humor?
The more of them you take, the more you leave behind. What are they?
What is that you will break everytime you name it?
What flies without wings?
What is half of two plus two?
What word looks the same upside down and backwards?
What kind of fish chases a mouse?
Your mother's only brother's only brother-in-law is asleep on your coach. Who is asleep on your couch?
What's the difference between here and there?
What goes up and down without moving?
Take off my skin and I won't cry, but you will, What am I?
What doesn't get any wetter, no matter how much rain falls on it?
What sits in a corner while traveling all around the world?
I have a face, two arms, and two hands, yet I can not move. I count to twelve, yet I can not speak. I can still tell you something everyday.
You enter a dark room. You have only one match. There is an oil lamp, a furnace, and a stove in the room. Which would you light first?
What is round on both ends and hi in the middle?
What do you call a dog that sweats so much?
What do you call a rabbit with fleas?
What rains at the north pole?
What kind of apple has a short temper?
What do you do with a dead chemist?
What body part is pronounced as one letter but written with three, only two different letters are used?
Feed me and I live, give me something to drink and i'll die, What am I?
What keeps things green and keeps kids occupied in the summertime?
What do rabbits do this to carrots and Jason Mraz do this to ears?
Who commits friendly home invasions one night a year
What does everyone claim to know a way to stop these involuntary contractions but none of them work?
What has a ring, but no finger?
What is higher without the head, than with it?
What is harder to catch the faster you run?
What invention lets you look right through a wall?
What is made of wood, but can't be sawed?
What is a witch's favorite school subject?
What is an aliens favourite sport?
What is the saddest fruit?
What is black and white and read all over?
What is easy to get into, and hard to get out of?
What is there more of the less you see?
If two hours ago, it was as long after one o'clock in the afternoon as it was before one o'clock in the morning, what time would it be now?
What is as big as you are and yet does not weigh anything?
What types of words are these: Madam, Civic, Eye, Level?
When you have me, you feel like sharing me. But, if you do share me, you don't have me. What am I?
The person who makes it has no need for it. The person who purchases it does not use it. The person who does use it does not know he or she is. What is it?
It is an insect, and the first part of its name is the name of another insect. What is it?
What English word retains the same pronunciation, even after you take away four of its five letters?
What becomes white when it is dirty?
What word of five letters has only one left when two letters are removed?
Which vehicle is spelled the same forwards and backwards?
I am lighter than air but a million men cannot lift me up, What am I?
Five men were eating apples, a finished before B, but behind C. D finished before E, but behind B. What was the finishing order?
David's father has three sons: Snap, Crackle, and ?
It is everything to someone, and nothing to everyone else. What is it?
What has a mouth but can't chew?
Forward I am heavy, backwards I am not. What am I?
What object has keys that open no locks, space but no room, and you can enter but not go in?
For some I go fast for others I'm slow. To most people, I'm an obsession relying on me is a well practiced lesson. What am I?
I'm as big as an elephant, but lighter than a feather. What am I?
A blue house is made of blue bricks. A yellow house is made of yellow bricks. A red house is made of red bricks. An orange house is made of orange bricks. What would a green house be made of?
Where does the 13th man come from ?
Which triangle has a bigger area:  1. A triangle with sides measuring 300, 400, and 500. 2. A triangle with sides measuring 300, 400, and 700.
What has roots as nobody sees.  Is taller than trees.  Up, up it goes.  And yet never grows?
A man was going to buy a $5000 car, but he didn't pay a penny for the car, how is this possible?
There are four girls, and four apples in a basket. Every girl takes an apple, Yet one apple remains in the basket. How is this possible?
What is once in a minute, twice in a moment, and never in a thousand years?
Four men were in a boat on the lake. The boat turns over, and all four men sink to the bottom of the lake, yet not a single man got wet! Why?
In the NBA, how many men are on the basketball court for each team?
There are 20 people in an empty, square room. Each person has full sight of the entire room and everyone in it. If you are not allowed to move in any way (other than your eyes). Where can you place an apple so that all but one person can see it?
Romeo and Juliet are found dead on the floor in a bedroom. When they were discovered, there were pieces of glass and some water on the floor. The only furniture in the room is a shelf and a bed. The house in is a remote location, away from everything except for the nearby railway track. What caused the death of Romeo and Juliet?
A boy was at a carnival and went to a booth where a man said to the boy, \"If I write your exact weight on this piece of paper then you have to give me $50, but if I cannot, I will pay you $50.\"  The boy looked around and saw no scale so he agrees, thinking no matter what the carny writes he'll just say he weighs more or less.  In the end the boy ended up paying the man $50. How did the man win the bet?
What is it that when you take away the whole, you still have some left over?
Can you name three consecutive days without using the words Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, or Sunday?
How many times can you subtract the number 5 from 25?
Read my riddle, I pray. What God never sees, what the king seldom sees, and what we see every day. What is it?
What can be heard and caught but never seen?
Many things can create one, it can be of any shape or size, it is created for various reasons, and it can shrink or grow with time. What is it?
Polly Perkins was after a talking parrot, so she went to the local pet shop in the hope of securing such a find. She was in luck. The shop assistant assured her that the parrot would learn and repeat any word or phrase it heard. Polly was delighted. However, a week later, the parrot still hadn't spoken a word. Polly returned to the shop to complain, however, it appeared that the assistant was accurate in what he had said, and refused a refund. Why didn't the parrot talk?
What two things can you never eat for breakfast?
What can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps?
What word can be written forward, backward or upside down, and can still be read from left to right?
They have not flesh, nor feathers, nor scales, nor bone. Yet they have fingers and thumbs of their own. What are they?
I am large as a castle, yet lighter than air. 100 men and their horses cannot move me. What am I?
If three cats catch three mice in three minutes, how many cats would be needed to catch 100 mice in 100 minutes?
A woman was horrified to find a fly in her tea. The waiter took her cup and went into the kitchen and returned with a fresh cup of tea. She shouted, \"You brought me the same tea!\" How did she know?
This is as light as a feather, Yet no man can hold it for long. What is it?
What is put on a table, cut, but never eaten?
A train was on its way to Florida and derailed. Where would they bury the survivors?
While on my way to St. Ives, I saw a man with 7 wives. Each wife had 7 sacks. Each sack had 7 cats. Each cat had 7 kittens. Kitten, cats, sacks, wives, How many were going to St. Ives?
This old one runs forever, but never moves at all. He has not lungs nor throat, but still a mighty roaring call. What is it?
Dave and Brad, two popular politicians, met at a club to discuss the overthrow of their party leader. They each ordered a vodka on the rocks. Brad downed his and ordered another. He then drank his second in a gulp and decided to wait before he ordered a third. Meanwhile, Dave, who was sipping his drink, suddenly fell forward dead. Both men were setup for an assassination. Why did Dave die and Brad live?
There once was an evil wizard. He took 3 woman from their homes and turned them into rose bushes that looked exactly alike. He put them in his garden.  One of the woman had a husband and children and begged the wizard to let her see them. He agreed. At night, he brought the woman to her house. In the morning he came and took her home.  One day the husband decided to go rescue her. So he snuck into the wizard's garden. He looked and looked at the 3 identical rose bushes trying to figure out which could be his wife. Suddenly, he knew the answer and he took his wife home. How did he know which rose bush was his wife?
Whoever makes it, tells it not. Whoever takes it, knows it not. And whoever knows it wants it not.
Samuel was out for a walk when it started to rain. He did not have an umbrella and he wasn't wearing a hat. His clothes were soaked, yet not a single hair on his head got wet. How could this happen?
I come in darkness, but fill the mind with light. I bring enlightenment to some, while gripping others in the hand of fear. With me it can be a journey of inexplicable joy and sorrow. What I will show you will often be unreachable. Journey with me and what you see may haunt you. Journey with me and you may never want to return home. Journey with me and you will never know when it will end. What am I?
The answer I give is yes, but what I mean is no. What was the question?
What can be swallowed, but can also swallow you?
What can go up a chimney down, but cannot go down a chimney up?
What never gets any wetter, no matter how much it rains?
No sooner spoken than broken. What is it?
If a wheel has 64 spokes, how many spaces are there between the spokes?
A man and a woman were driving in their car when it broke down. The man decided to go for help at a gas station a few miles back. He made sure nobody was in the car, rolled all the windows up, and locked all of the sedan's doors. He went off, but when he came back, his wife was dead, and there was a stranger in the car. No physical damage was done to the car, so how did the stranger get in?
When can you add two to eleven and get one as the correct answer?
You can spin, wheel and twist, but this thing can turn without moving. What is it?
When they are caught, they are thrown away. When they escape, you itch all day. What are they?
You hear it speak, for it has a hard tongue. But it cannot breathe, for it has not a lung. What is it?
What is it that is deaf, dumb and blind and always tells the truth?
Brad stared through the dirty soot-smeared window on the 22nd floor of the office tower. Overcome with depression he slid the window open and jumped through it. It was a sheer drop outside the building to the ground. Miraculously after he landed he was completely unhurt. Since there was nothing to cushion his fall or slow his descent, how could he have survived the fall?
What question can you never answer?
When John was six years old he hammered a nail into his favorite tree to mark his height. Ten years later at age sixteen, John returned to see how much higher the nail was. If the tree grew by five centimeters each year, how much higher would the nail be?
What is the easiest way to throw a ball, and have it stop, and completely reverse direction after traveling a short distance?
Daniel, my son, is exactly one fifth of my age. In 21 years time, I will be exactly twice his age. My wife is exactly seven times older than my daughter, Jessica. In 8 years time, my wife will be three times older then Jessica. How old are Daniel and Jessica now?
Inside a burning house, this thing is best to make. And best to make it quickly, before the fire's too much to take!
What gets whiter the dirtier that it gets?
How high would you have to count before you would use the letter A in the English language spelling of a whole number.
Which word in the English language becomes shorter when it is lengthened?
He has married many women, but has never been married. Who is he?
One word in this sentence is misspelled. What word is it?
A man goes out drinking every night, returning to his home in the wee hours of every morning. No matter how much he drinks, he never gets a hangover. This drink is very well known, but is rarely consumed, served warm and taken straight from its source. The man is a sucker for a free drink, especially since he can't live without it. What is his favorite drink?
A black dog stands in the middle of an intersecton in a town painted black. None of the street lights are working due to a power failure caused by a storm. A car with two broken headlights drives towards the dog but turns in time to avoid hitting him. How could the driver have seen the dog in time?
We are little creatures; all of us have different features. One of us in glass is set; one of us you'll find in jet. Another you may see in tin, and the fourth is boxed within . If the fifth you should pursue, it can never fly from you. What are we?
A woman proves in court that her husband was murdered by her sister, but the judge decides that the sister cannot be punished. Why?
You do not want to have it, But when you do have it, You do not want to lose it? What is it?
A large truck is crossing a bridge 1 mile long. The bridge can only hold 14000 lbs, which is the exact weight of the truck. The truck makes it half way across the bridge and stops. A bird lands on the truck. Does the bridge collapse?
When they are caught, they are thrown away. When they escape, you itch all day. What are they?
What relation would your father's sister's sister-in-law be to you?
You are in a room that is completely bricked in on all four sides, including the ceiling and floor. You have nothing but a mirror and a wooden table in the room with you. How do you get out?
Whoever makes it, tells it not. Whoever takes it, knows it not. Whoever knows it, wants it not. What is it?
I give you a group of three. One is sitting down, and will never get up. The second eats as much as is given to him, yet is always hungry. The third goes away and never returns.
What is red and blue, and purple and green? No one can reach it, not even the queen?
A man is lying drowned in a dead forest, far from water. How did this happen?
A black dog is sleeping in the middle of a black road that has no streetlights and there is no moon. A car coming down the road with its lights off steers around the dog. How did the driver know the dog was there?
The priest in my hometown told us that on a particular day he would walk on water for 30 minutes. The lake was not dry and we all observed the priest actually walking on water. How?
Four men sat down to play. They played all night till break of day. They played for gold and not for fun. With separate scores for everyone. When they had come to square accounts. They all had made quite fair amounts. Can you the paradox explain. If no one lost, how all could gain?
Which is correct to say, \"The yolk of the egg are white,\" or \"The yolk of the egg is white?\"
Four cars come to a four way stop, all coming from a different direction. They can't decide who got there first, so they all go forward at the same time. They do not crash into each other, but all four cars go. How is this possible?
There is an ancient invention still used in some parts of the world today that allows people to see through walls. What is it?
At night they come without being fetched, And by day they are lost without being stolen.
A farmer in California owns a beautiful pear tree. He supplies the fruit to a nearby grocery store. The store owner has called the farmer to see how much fruit is available for him to purchase. The farmer knows that the main trunk has 24 branches. Each branch has exactly 12 boughs and each bough has exactly 6 twigs. Since each twig bears one piece of fruit, how many plums will the farmer be able to deliver?
A pregnant lady named her children: Dominique, Regis, Michelle, Fawn, Sophie and Lara. What will she name her next child? Jessica, Katie, Abby or Tilly?
What is round on the ends and high in the middle?
I turn polar bears white and I will make you cry. I make guys have to pee and girls comb their hair. I make celebrities look stupid and normal people look like celebrities. I turn pancakes brown and make your champane bubble. If you sqeeze me, I'll pop. If you look at me, you'll pop. Can you guess the riddle?   97% of Harvard graduates can not figure this riddle out, but 84% of kindergarten students were able to figure this out in 6 minutes or less.
Different lights do make me strange, thus into different sizes I will change. What am I?
If you're 8 feet away from a door and with each move you advance half the distance to the door. How many moves will it take to reach the door.
A king decided to let a prisoner try to escape the prison with his life. The king placed 2 marbles in a jar that was glued to a table. One of the marbles was supposed to be black, and one was supposed to be blue.  If the prisoner could pick the blue marble, he would escape the prison with his life. If he picked the black marble, he would be executed. However, the king was very mean, and he wickedly placed 2 black marbles in the jars and no blue marbles. The prisoner witnessed the king only putting 2 black marbles in the jars.  If the jar was not see-through and the jar was glued to the table and that the prisoner was mute so he could not say anything, how did he escape with his life?
I'm so fast you can't see me, Though everyone sees straight through me, I don't stop until the day you die. What am I?
The 22nd and 24th presidents of the United States of America had the same parents, but were not brothers. How can this be possible?
You have three stoves: a gas stove, a wood stove, and a coal stove, but only one match. Which should you light first?
Farmer Brown came to town with some watermelons. He sold half of them plus half a melon, and found that he had one whole melon left. How many melons did he take to town?
The following sentence is false. The preceding sentence is true. Are these sentences true or false?
A beggar's brother died, but the man who died had no brother.  How could this be?
What is it the more you take, the more you leave behind?
Two fathers and two sons went fishing one day. They were there the whole day and only caught 3 fish. One father said, that is enough for all of us, we will have one each.  How can this be possible?
Take one out and scratch my head, I am now black but once was red.What am I ?
Alice is walking throught the forest of forgetfulness. She wants to know what day of the week it is. She stops and asks a lion and a unicorn. Now the lion lies all of the time on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. The unicorn always lies on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.  Alice asks the lion what day it is, he says, \"Well, yesterday was one of my lying days.\" Alice can't figure it out just from the lion's answer so she asks the unicorn and the unicorn says, \"Yesterday was also one of my lying days.\" What day is it?
A man was just doing his job when his suit was torn. Why did he die three minutes later?
I have a big mouth and I am also quite loud! I am NOT a gossip but I do get involved with everyone's dirty business. Can you name me?
What can burn the eyes, sting the mouth, yet be consumed?
You have the misfortune to own an unreliable clock. This one loses exactly 24 minutes every hour. It is now showing 3:00am and you know that is was correct at midnight, when you set it. The clock stopped 1 hour ago, what is the correct time now?
There is a frog, dead in the middle of an island. If he swims north, the distance to the mainland is 2 meters. If he swims south, the distance to the mainland is 3 meters. If he swims east or west, the distance is 4 meters. Which way does he swim?
Mountains will crumble and temples will fall, and no man can survive its endless call. What is it?
David's father has three sons : Snap, Krackel, and _____ ?
I am served at a table, In gatherings of two or four; Served small, white and round. You'll love some, And that's part of the fun. What am I?
You are standing on the top one of two solid metal pillars. They are both exactly one kilometer apart from each other and they both stand one kilometer high. There is absolutely nothing around these pillars, but you have one small twig, one small rock and an unlimited supply of rope. Usuing only the materials named, how can you get from the top of the pillar that you are on to the top of the other pillar?
What always goes to bed with shoes on?
What year comes next in this sequence:  1973 1979 1987 1993 1997 1999
You live in a one story house made \"entirely of redwood\". What color would the stairs be?
Which clock works best, the one that loses a minute a day, or the one that doesn't work at all?
What do you use to hoe a row, slay a foe, and wring with woe?
Who makes it, has no need of it. Who buys it, has no use for it. Who uses it can neither see nor feel it.
A man was found dead out in a field of snow. The only tracks that were left was a set of footprints between two parallel lines. Who should the police be looking for?
What is the value of 1/2 of 2/3 of 3/4 of 4/5 of 5/6 of 6/7 of 7/8 of 8/9 of 9/10 of 1,000?
A petshop owner had a parrot with a sign on its cage that said \"Parrot repeats everything it hears.\" A young man bought the parrot and for two weeks he spoke to it and it didn't say a word. He returned the parrot but the shopkeeper said he never lied about the parrot. How can this be?
Three robbers robbed a store. Once they came out they were totally changed, but they still continued robbing. Why?
What has no beginning, end, or middle?
Be you ever so quick, with vision keen, by your eyes, we are never seen. Unless perchance it should come to pass, you see our reflection in a looking glass.  What are we?
Below are six clues to six words. When arranged in the correct order, each word is an anagram of the previous word with a letter removed.  capital of France snake headache tablet single article twisted ankle coarse file equally
How many three cent stamps are in a dozen?
Who is it that rows quickly with four oars but never comes out from under his own roof?
You use it between your head and your toes, the more it works the thinner it grows. What is it?
Ten pears hanging high, Ten men come passing by, Each took a pear and left nine hanging there. How could that be?
You are in a room where there are no metal objects except for two iron rods. Only one of them is a magnet. How can you identify this magnet?
What object has keys that open no locks, space but no room, and you can enter but not go in?
Here on earth it is true, yesterday is always before today; but there is a place where yesterday always follows today. Where?
If you have three oranges and you take away two, how many will you have?
Big as a biscuit, deep as a cup, even a river can't fill it up. What is it?
Does the law allow a man to marry his widow's sister?
What can bring back the dead; make us cry, make us laugh, make us young; born in an instant yet lasts a life time?
I am the shortest complete sentence in the English language. What am I?
It is said among my people that some things are improved by death. Tell me, what stinks while living, but in death, smells good?
What has one foot on each side and one in the middle?
I can be found where anything cannot; dead men eat me all the time, but if a living man eats me, he'll die. What am I?
What kind of rocks does Frankenstein have in his collection?
What stays where it is when it goes off?
Three playing cards in a row. Can you name them with these clues? There is a two to the right of a king. A diamond will be found to the left of a spade. An ace is to the left of a heart. A heart is to the left of a spade. Now, identify all three cards.
Two words, my answer is only two words. To keep me, you must give me.
What goes through the door without pinching itself? What sits on the stove without burning itself? What sits on the table and is not ashamed?
The following sentence is false. The preceding sentence is true. Are these sentences true or false?
The faster you work, the longer it is before you're done, and the slower you work, the sooner you're finished?
What is the difference between a school boy studying and a farmer watching his cattle?
What common English verb becomes its own past tense by rearranging its letters?
What part of the turkey has the most feathers?
I know a word of letters three. Add two, and fewer there will be.
Hands she has but does not hold, teeth she has but does not bite, feet she has but they are cold, eyes she has but without sight. Who is she?
What's the greatest worldwide use of cowhide?
Imagine you are in a room with 3 switches. In an adjacent room there are 3 bulbs (let's say in lamps which are on a regular table), each switch belongs to one bulb. All are off at the moment. It is impossible to see from one room to another. No help from anybody else is allowed. How can you find out which switch belongs to which bulb, if you may enter the room with the bulbs only once?
You give someone a dollar. You are this person's brother, but the person is not your brother. How can that be?
Why can't a woman, who is now living in Canada, not be buried in the USA?
What word contains all of the twenty six letters?
There was a green house. Inside the green house there was a white house Inside the white house there was a red house. Inside the red house there were lots of babies.
What goes up when the rain comes down?
There is a clothing store in Bartlesville. The owner has devised his own method of pricing items. A vest costs $20, socks cost $25, a tie costs $15 and a blouse costs $30. Using the method, how much would a pair of underwear cost?
Where will you find roads without cars, forests without trees and cities without houses?
How many times can you subtract the number 5 from 25?
A murderer is condemned to death. He has to choose between three rooms. The first is full of raging fires, the second is full of assassins with loaded guns, and the third is full of lions that haven't eaten in 3 years. Which room is safest for him?
A sharpshooter hung up his hat and put on a blindfold. He then walked 100 yards, turned around, and shot a bullet through his hat. The blindfold was a perfectly good one, completely blocking the man's vision. How did he manage this?
What does man love more than life Fear more than death or mortal strife What the poor have, the rich require, and what contented men desire, What the miser spends and the spendthrift saves And all men carry to their graves?
What does man love more than life? Fear more than death or mortal strife? What do the poor have, what the rich require, And what contented men desire? What does the miser spend, the spendthrift save, And all men carry to their graves?
A man was shot to death while in his car. There were no powder marks on his clothing, which indicated that the gunman was outside the car. However, all the windows were up and the doors locked. After a close inspection was made, the only bullet-holes discovered were on the man's body. How was he murdered?
Two girls have the same parents and were born at the same hour of the same day of the same month, but they are not twins. How can this be possible?
I never was, am always to be, No one ever saw me, nor ever will And yet I am the confidence of all To live and breathe on this terrestrial ball.
There is a word in the English language in which the first two letters signify a male, the first three letters signify a female, the first four signify a great man, and the whole word, a great woman. What is the word?
Five hundred begins it, five hundred ends it, Five in the middle is seen; First of all figures, the first of all letters, Take up their stations between. Join all together, and then you will bring Before you the name of an eminent king.
RIDDLE:When asked how old she was, Suzie replied, \"In 2 years I will be twice as old as I was 5 years ago.\" How old is she?
What has roots that nobody sees, and is taller than trees. Up, up it goes, and yet it never grows. What is it?
I make you weak at the worst of all times. I keep you safe, I keep you fine. I make your hands sweat, and your heart grow cold, I visit the weak, but seldom the bold. What am I?
I'm a riddle in nine syllables, An elephant, a ponderous house, A melon strolling on two tendrils O red fruit, Ivory, fine timber! The loaf's big with it's yeasty rising Money's new minted in this fat purse. I'm a means, a stage, a cow in calf. I've eaten a bag of green apples Boarded the train there's no getting off.
How can you physically stand behind your friend as he physically stands behind you?
The rungs of a 10 foot ladder attached to a ship are 1 foot apart. If the water is rising at the rate of one foot an hour, how long will it take until the water covers over the ladder?
Two men are in a desert. They both have packs on. One of the guys is dead. The guy who is alive has his pack open, the guy who is dead has his pack closed. What is in the pack?
The more you take, the more you leave behind. What are they?
Walk on the living, they don't even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble. What are they?
If a rooster laid a brown egg and a white egg, what kind of chicks would hatch?
A clock chimes 5 times in 4 seconds. How many times will it chime in 10 seconds?
A man was found murdered on Sunday morning. His wife immediately called the police. The police questioned the wife and staff and got these alibis: The Wife said she was sleeping. The Cook was cooking breakfast. The Gardener was picking vegetables. The Maid was getting the mail. The Butler was cleaning the closet.  The police instantly arrested the murdered. Who did it and how did they know?
What gets wetter the more it dries?
You can't keep this until you have given it.
My first is often at the front door. My second is found in the cereal family. My third is what most people want. My whole is one of the United States.
The sun bakes them, the hand breaks them, the foot treads on them, and the mouth tastes them. What are they?
Two mothers and two daughters go shopping. They have $21, which they split equally between them. How can this be possible?
You can see nothing else When you look in my face, I will look you in the eye And I will never lie.
What question can someone ask all day long, always get completely different answers, and yet all the answers could be correct?
At the sound of me, men may dream, Or stamp their feet. At the sound of me, women may laugh, Or sometimes weep.
How could a cowboy ride into town on Friday, stay two days, and ride out on Friday?
I have an eye but cannot see. I am stronger and faster then any man alive but have no limbs. What am I?
I have four wings, but cannot fly, I never laugh and never cry; On the same spot I'm always found, toiling away with little sound. What am I?
What goes up and never comes down?
What is more useful when it is broken?
Mary was working in a chemistry lab with a mixture of chemicals that was 90% water and weighed 20 pounds. After returning to the lab from a weekend break, she calculated the mixture was now 50% water. How much does the mixture now weigh? For purposes of this puzzle, assume the non-water part of the mixture was not affected by evaporation.
A sign on the barber's door says \"I shave only those who do not shave themselves\". Does the barber shave himself?
The king dies and two men, the true heir and an impostor, both claim to be his long-lost son. Both fit the description of the rightful heir: about the right age, height, coloring and general appearance. Finally, one of the elders proposes a test to identify the true heir. One man agrees to the test while the other flatly re-fuses. The one who agreed is immediately sent on his way, and the one who re-fused is correctly identified as the rightful heir. Can you figure out why?
A psychologist goes to a village in Africa and decides to compare foot size to intelligence. He notes that in general, as foot size increases, so does intelligence. How can this be?
A wife and her husband were driving in their car on the highway. All of a sudden, they ran out of gas. So the husband said to the wife, \"Now, you stay here. I will go down the highway to the nearest gas station, and I will be about 1 hour. Just listen to the radio and read some books, and remember to lock all the windows and doors. I will leave the keys with you.\" So, off the husband went, and the wife first locked ALL the windows and doors. Next, she turned on the radio, and this is what she heard on the news report: \"THERE IS A MURDERER ON THE LOOSE. HE WAS LAST SEEN ON THE HIGHWAY, WEARING ALL BLACK, ABOUT 5 FOOT 11 INCHES. PLEASE, BE AWARE AND CONTACT THE POLICE IMMEDIATELY.\" The wife got very scared. She turned off the radio and double checked the locked doors. Then she saw the murderer, only a couple feet away from the car. An hour later, the husband returned to his car. Inside the car, his wife was DEAD, she had been murdered. All the windows were still locked, and the doors. No windows were broken, and the car was in PERFECT condition. No scratches or anything, it was the same way as when he left it. How did the murderer kill the wife?
I have no voice and yet I speak to you, I tell of all things in the world that people do. I have leaves, but I am not a tree, I have pages, but I am not a bride or royalty. I have a spine and hinges, but I am not a man or a door, I have told you all, I cannot tell you more. What am I?
I am that which is hunted, and this panes me. Do you dig, Stone? What am I?
There are two bodies on the floor. They are surrounded by water and broken glass. How did they die?
My life can be measured in hours, I serve by being devoured. Thin, I am quick Fat, I am slow Wind is my foe.
Weight in my belly, Trees on my back. Nails in my ribs, Feet I do lack.
An archaeologist finds a coin dated 48 B.C. How did he know it was a fake?
If you toss a die and it comes up with the number one 9 times in a row, what is the probability that it will come up with one on the next throw?
You heard me before, Yet you hear me again. Then I die, 'Til you call me again What am I?
There was a man who was born before his father, killed his mother, and married his sister. Yet, there was nothing wrong with what he had done. Why?
It goes up, but at the same time goes down. Up toward the sky, and down toward the ground. It's present tense and past tense too, come for a ride, just me and you.  What is it?
If a fire hydrant has H2O inside, what does it have on the outside?
I can be found on a human or beast all people should have one at least I can be any shape or any size and my history you'll despise  What Am I?
What is harder to catch the faster you run?
What is it that you ought to keep after you have given it to someone else?
If life gets tough, what do you have that you can always count on?
How do you make \"one\" disappear?
A train just leaves a station and enters a tunnel. Where is the best place for a claustrophobic person to sit?
What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer?
What is the difference between a dollar and a half and thirty five-cents?
A hundred feet in the air, but it's back is on the ground. What is it?
Dark with white markings, And smooth like a rock. Where learning occurs, I help convey thought. What am I?
A phone rings 9 times, and no one answers it. A horse eats 9 pounds of grain. A bannana grows 9 inches evry day. and the computer gets 9 mail messages every day.  What is always in the above paragraph ^?
What kind of coat can be put on only when wet?
Lighter than what I am made of. More of me is hidden than seen.
In spring I am gay in handsome array; in summer more clothing I wear; when colder it grows I fling off my clothes; and in winter quite naked appear.  What am I?
What can go up and come down without moving?
What's the least number of chairs you would you need around a table to sit four fathers, two grandfathers, and four sons?
Tom and his younger sister were fighting. Their mother was tired of the fighting, and decided to punish them by making them stand on the same piece of newspaper in such a way that they couldn't touch each other. How did she accomplish this?
I turn around once. What is out will not get in. I turn around again. What is in will not get out. What am I?
What's the difference between a penniless man and a feather bed?
How is it possible to shave three times a day and still grow a beard?
What was the biggest island in the world before the discovery of Australia by Captain Cook?
The marathon man timed himself and found out that if he wore a bright white outfit he ran 20 miles in 80 minutes, but when he wore a dark outfit, he ran 20 miles in one hour and twenty minutes. What does this mean for his next race?
What starts with a T, ends with a T, and has T in it?
how does the turtle with no legs cross the road????????? HINT take the f out of free and the f out of way!!!!!!!!!
How many 1 foot by 1 foot bricks would it take to complete a building that's 20 feet long on all four sides and 20 feet high?
There's a body lying dead on a bed, and on the floor beside it is a pair of scissors. The scissors were instrumental in his death, yet there's no trace of blood. The body reveals no signs of any cuts or bruises. How could the person have been murdered with the pair of scissors?
If you drop a yellow hat in the Red Sea, what does it become?
Below is a short poem to help you determine the next letter in the sequence that follows:  Both backward and forward I may go  But just one way makes sense Don't you know  So don't be confused, don't be surprised All you must do  Is use your eyes  What comes next?
Violet, indigo, blue and green, yellow, orange and red; these are the colors you have seen after the storm has fled.What am I?
I have many feathers to help me fly. I have a body and head, but I'm not alive. It is your strength which determines how far I go. You can hold me in your hand, but I'm never thrown. What am I?
What is significant about 3661 seconds past midnight on 1st January 2001?
What do you serve that you can't eat?
What kind of coat can be put on only when wet?
If someone says to you, \"I'll bet you $1 that if you give me $2, I will give you $3 in return\", would this be a good bet for you to accept?
A rubber ball is tossed off the top of a 90 foot building. Every time it bounces, it goes back up half way. How many bounces will the ball take before it stops?
Dead on the field lie ten soldiers in white, felled by three eyes, black as night. What happened?
Old Mother Twitchett had but one eye, and a long tail which she let fly; and every time she went through a gap, a bit of her tail she left in a trap.  What is she?
A very pretty thing am I, fluttering in the pale-blue sky. Delicate, fragile on the wing, indeed I am a pretty thing.  What am I?
You are walking down a road and you encounter a fork in the road and you do not know the correct way to go. There are two men standing at the junction and both know the correct road. One man always lies, and the other man always tells the truth, but you do not know who is the liar and who is the one who tells the truth. You can only ask each man one question, but it must be the same question for both. What is the question that would allow you to get the information necessary to choose the correct path?
Until I am measured, I am not known. Yet how you miss me, When I have flown.  What am I?
I live in the canopy. I rarely touch the forest floor. I hang upside down all day. I move as slow as a tortoise. My hair is brown and green. I eat tree leaves. Who am i?
What kind of running means walking?
If you go to the movies and you're paying, is it cheaper to take one friend to the movies twice, or two friends to the movies at the same time?
What's as big as you are yet doesn't weigh an ounce?
You must keep this thing, its loss will affect your brothers. For once yours is lost, it will soon be lost by others.
Who bought it doesnt need it Who needs it didnt buy it Who ever sees it makes them cry What on earth am i??
I am always hungry, I must always be fed, The finger I lick Will soon turn red.
Until I am measured, I am not known. Yet how you miss me, When I have flown.
I am only useful When I am full, Yet I am always Full of holes.
Determine what letter should replace the ? at the end:  M M L J A R C C G E P C ?
Bouncing Bob was riding a particularly frisky horse when suddenly its bridle came off. As they raced down the road, a screaming Bob clung to the horse's ears for dear life. Out of the corner of his eye, Bob saw a car coming, and realizing the horse was completely out of control, he panicked. Flailing his arms about, he accidentally caused the horse to come to an abrupt halt. What could Bouncing Bob have done to make the horse stop?
A tree doubled in height each year until it reached its maximum height over the course of ten years. How many years did it take for the tree to reach half its maximum height?
Three mountain climbers paid a lot of money to be the first to scale a mountain. After several days of climbing they finally reached the pinnacle, and to their dismay, found a cabin and three frozen bodies. Since the mountain climbers were the first to ever climb the summit, how could this be possible?
A certain crime is punishable if attempted but not punishable if committed. What is it?
Never resting, never still. Moving silently from hill to hill. It does not walk, run or trot, All is cool where it is not.  What is it?
Which bird does not belong in this group? Finch, gull, eagle, ostrich, or sparrow?
Three people check into a hotel. They pay $30 to the manager and go to their room. The manager suddenly remembers that the room rate is $25 and gives $5 to the bellboy to return to the people. On the way to the room the bellboy reasons that $5 would be difficult to share among three people so he pockets $2 and gives $1 to each person. Now each person paid $10 and got back $1. So they paid $9 each, totalling $27. The bellboy has $2, totalling $29. Where is the missing $1?
If you screw a light bulb into a socket by turning the bulb toward the right with your right hand, which way would you turn the socket with your left hand in order to unscrew it while holding the bulb stationary?
If a man carried my burden He would break his back. I am not rich, But leave silver in my track.
I was framed, yet I didn't commit a crime, and the person who framed me committed no crime.  How is this possible?
A car's odometer shows 72927 miles, a palindromic number. What are the minimum miles you would need to travel to form another?
Why are 1990 dollar bills worth more than 1989 dollar bills?
Which is heavier ? A pound of feathers or a pound of gold.
While exploring the wilds of Canada, Wild Man Dave was captured by hostile wood fairies. Brad, the powerful chief of the fairies told him he could make one final statement which would determine how he would die. If the statement he made was false, he would be boiled in water. If the statement were true, he would be fried in oil. Wild Man Dave found neither of this options too his liking, so he made a statement that got him out of this seemingly impossible situation. What is the one statement he could have made?
A man was born in 1898 He is still alive now at the age 33 How is this possible ?
An old man wanted to leave all of his money to one of his three sons, but he didn't know which one he should give it to. He gave each of them a few coins and told them to buy something that would be able to fill their living room. The first man bought straw, but there was not enough to fill the room. The second bought some sticks, but they still did not fill the room. The third man bought two things that filled the room, so he obtained his father's fortune. What were the two things that the man bought?
What goes around the world and stays in a corner?
Some will use me, while others will not, some have remembered, while others have forgot. For profit or gain, I'm used expertly, I can't be picked off the ground or tossed into the sea. Only gained from patience and time, can you unravel my rhyme?
What word starting with BR, that with the addition of the letter E, becomes another word that sounds the same as the first?
How far can a dog run into the woods?
I am weightless, but you can see me. Put me in a bucket, and I'll make it lighter. What am I?
Where on Earth do the winds always blow from the South?
During the Holocaust there is a jewish man who has managed to evade the nazi soldiers fro many months. He has finally made it to the border of Germany, but to his dismay, there is a massive river blocking his way with only one bridge over. The bridge was under nazi control and any person caught trying to exit Germany will be killed on the spot, but any Polish person caught trying to enter Germany without the proper papers will be sent back to Poland. There is only one gaurd on this bridge and he only checks the bridge for people every three minutes. Now, no matter how quickly any person may run, this bridge will always take exactly five minutes to cross. How can the German man exit Germany without being caught and killed?
How many of each type of animal did Moses take on the Ark?
You use a knife to slice my head and weep beside me when I am dead. What am I?
What word doesn't belong in this group? That, hat, what, mat, cat, sat, pat, or chat?
A man takes a barrel that weighs 20 pounds, and then puts something in it. It now weighs less than 20 pounds. What did he put in the barrel?
Which word can be placed between the two following words to make two new ones: TABLE - - - - HOUSE
The beginning of eternity, the end of time and space; the beginning of every end, and the end of every place. What am I?
You are on a ship, over the side hangs a rope ladder with half meter rungs. The tide rises a half meter per hour. At the end of five hours, how much of the ladder will remain above the water assuming that nine rungs were above the water when the tide began to rise?
I am a rock group that has 4 members, all of whom are dead, one of which was assasinated. What am I?
How many letters are in the alphabet?
Something very extraordinary happened on the 6th of May, 1978 at 12:34 a.m.  What was it?
Two men were playing tennis. They played five sets and each man won three sets.  How can this be possible?
My first is in fish but not in snail, My second is in rabbit but not in tail. My third is in up but not in down, My fourth is in tiara but not in crown. My fifth is in tree you plainly see, My whole a food for you and me. What am I?
Pronounced as one letter, And written with three, Two letters there are, And two only in me. I'm double, I'm single, I'm black, blue, and gray, I'm read from both ends, And the same either way. What am I?
Can you arrange the numbers 1 to 9 in the circles so that each straight line of three numbers totals 18?  {mospagebreak}{mospagebreak}
I never was, am always to be, No one ever saw me, nor ever will, And yet I am the confidence of all To live and breathe on this terrestrial ball. What am I?
The more there is the less you see.  What is it?
All about, but cannot be seen, Can be captured, cannot be held, No throat, but can be heard. What is it?
I make you weak at the worst of all times.  I keep you safe, I keep you fine.  I make your hands sweat, and your heart grow cold,  I visit the weak, but seldom the bold.    Who am I?
A man is in a solid metal room. Solid metal floor, ceiling and walls. The ONLY thing in the room is a table. How does he get out?
Joe and Sally where sitting in their family room one night. While Joe was watching T.V, his wife Sally was reading. All of a sudden the power went out and Joe decided to go to bed, but Sally kept on reading. With no use of artificial light, Sally kept on reading. How?
It is the beginning of eternity, the end of time and space, the beginning of the end, and the end of every space.  What is it?
What can you catch but not throw?
What tree do Fortune Tellers look at?
How is it that a person born in Massachusetts, whose parents were both born in Massachusetts, is not born a U.S. Citizen?
What demands an answer, but asks no question?
Three men were walking out one day. Then it started raining hard. They raced 4 blocks to there house. When they got in, one man didnt get his hair wet. They did not have an umbrella, or a hat. How can this be?
A little pool with two layers of wall around it. One white and soft and the other dark and hard, amidst a light brown grassy lawn with an outline of a green grass. What am I?
I give milk and have a horn but I'm not a cow? What am I?
Give me an x, I'll stand to face you. Give me a cross, I'll turn my back on you. What am I?
In a contest, four fruits (an apple, a banana, an orange, and a pear) have been placed in four closed boxes (one fruit per box). People may guess which fruit is in which box. 123 people participate in the contest. When the boxes are opened, it turns out that 43 people have guessed none of the fruits correctly, 39 people have guessed one fruit correctly, and 31 people have guessed two fruits correctly.  The Question: How many people have guessed three fruits correctly, and how many people have guessed four fruits correctly?
RIDDLE ME THIS:A woman walked into an office building, looked at the guard, and said her name was Jenny. The next day she walked into the same building, looked at the same guard and said her name was Julie. What is going on?
I have holes on the top and bottom. I have holes on my left and on my right. And I have holes in the middle, yet I still hold water. What am I?
I am like day,  you can find me near the river any day,  and you can make almost anything out of me.  who am I?
Which country has been hidden in the paragraph below:  The local habitat around a railway track can be very interesting. For example, supporting the track is a sleeper, under which you can find the lesser spotted great weevil.
I have a heart that never beats, I have a home but I never sleep. I can take a mans house and build anothers, And I love to play games with my many brothers. I am a king among fools. Who am I?
what is brown and stiky and goes round and round
I turn polar bears white and I will make you cry. I make guys have to pee and girls comb their hair. I make celebrities look stupid and normal people look like celebrities. I turn pancakes brown and make your champane bubble. If you sqeeze me, I'll pop. If you look at me, you'll pop. Can you guess the riddle?  97% of Harvard graduates can not figure this riddle out, but 84% of kindergarten students were able to figure this out in 6 minutes or less. Can you guess the correct answer?
I am taken from a mine, and shut up in a wooden case, from which I am never released, and yet I am used by almost everybody.
The Pope has it but he does not use it. Your father has it but your mother uses it. Nuns do not need it. Your lady friend's husband has it and she uses it. What is it?
Captain is to Private as Master is to
Two convicts are locked in a cell. There is an unbarred window high up in the cell. No matter if they stand on the bed or one on top of the other they can't reach the window to escape. They then decide to tunnel out. However, they give up with the tunneling because it will take too long. Finally one of the convicts figures out how to escape from the cell. What is his plan?
With pointed fangs it sits in wait, With piercing force its doles out fate, Over bloodless victims proclaiming its might, Eternally joining in a single bite. What am I?
It walks on four legs in the morning, two legs at noon and three legs in the evening. What is it
If who I am is whom I love, but whom I love is lost.... then who am I?
A horse travels a certain distance each day. Strangely enough, two of its legs travel 30 miles each day and the other two legs travel nearly 31 miles. It would seem that two of the horse's legs must be one mile ahead of the other two legs, but of course this can't be true. Since the horse is normal, how is this situation possible?
how do you make 30p with 2 coins? one of them is not a 20p..
I am the creator, through thick and thin, My time is sunset then I begin. Worlds of men and beasts I make, to me these things are not fake. But Over and over I will kill , I am the tirent and creator but not at will. What am I?
I am a box that holds keys without locks, yet they can unlock your soul.  What am I?
As I went across the bridge, I met a man with a load of wood which was neither straight nor crooked. What kind of wood was it?
You heard me before, Yet you hear me again, Then I die, 'Till you call me again.
im a container with the inside golden than cant be opened unless im broken!!!
Who spends the day at the window, goes to the table for meals and hides at night?
I am a tree, but I am very small... Who am I?
Where are the lakes that are referred to in the \"Los Angeles Lakers?\"
What has garbage and flies?
There is a certain family with both girl and boy children. Each of the boys has the same number of brothers as he has sisters. Each of the girls has twice as many brothers as she has sisters. How many boys and girls are there in this family?
Three lives have I. Gentle enough to soothe the skin. Light enough to caress the sky. Hard enough to crack rocks. What am I?
As I was going to the mall I met a man with seven wives, Each wive held two bags, Each bag held a mother cat, Each mother cat had six babies, How many people where going to the mall?
its is the beginning of existence and the end of time, its the beginning of everything and the end of space, what am i?
A father's child, a mother's child, yet no one's son. Who am I.
I am a fathers child and a mothers child, yet I am not a son. Who am I?
I dig out tiny caves, and store gold and silver in them. I also build bridges of silver and make crowns of gold. They are the smallest you could imagine. Sooner or later everybody needs my help, yet many people are afraid to let me help them. Who am I?
When I point up it's bright, but when I point down it's dark. What am I?
The rich need it  The poor have it  If you eat it you will die  Who am I
I killed one fourth of mankind. Who am I?
I'm related to you. I'm really close to you!  I'm your cousins aunt. Who am I?
The strangest creature you'll ever find: Two eyes in front and many many more behind.
ees llahs uoy dna sdrawkcab siht daer eeht ot flesti laever lliw elddir eht  erbmun a si eulc eht ton si rewsna eht redroni hguorht desuac redro fo tuo yltnerruc nihtiw seil rewsna eht
Once upon a time there was a beautiful princess named Anna. Anna's father, the King, wanted to be sure his daughter married an intelligent man. To test his daughter's suitors the King hid Anna's picture in one of three boxes. The suitor had to be able to select the box with Anna's picture on one try and within twenty seconds.  On the gold box was the message \"Anna's picture is in this box\". The silver box had the message \"Anna's picture is not in this box.\" \"Anna's picture is not in the gold box\" was written on the bronze box.  The King would tell each suitor \"Only one of the three messages is correct.\" Which box contained Anna's picture?
I can be long, or I can be short. I can be grown, and I can be bought. I can be painted, or left bare. I can be round, or square. What am I?
I have no legs or arms but I still eat with a fork everyday, What am I?
I am thin, tall and I cannot walk but I have a tilted head . What am I!?
What fastens two people yet touches only one?
A man but an animal, a horn with two hands. What am I?
Detective Marty had been trailing three men suspected of committing several fur robberies. He received a message in a sealed envelope delivered by Roscoe, an underworld contact and decided to call Detective Sam, his partner. \"I think I found out where the merchandise is stored,\" said Detective Marty. Obviously Marty didn't want Roscoe to know what was in the envelope, so he read it to Sam in code. This is what Marty had said:  \"Flame mate weighty soak shave comedy debut stake scared.\"  What did the message say?
You can carry it everywhere you go, and it does not get heavy. What is it?
I am six letters. When you take one away I am twelve. What am I?
All the electricity was out in town and none of the street lights or traffic signals had power. A dark limousine was cruising down the newly paved blacktop, with its headlights off. A young boy dressed totally in black (with no reflectors) stepped out to cross the street. The moon wasn?t out and the boy had no flashlight, yet the driver stopped to let the boy cross the street. How did the driver see the boy?
You are trapped in a dimly lit dungeon deep below the city of Berlin.You know that one door leads to freedom,and a holiday in the canary islands,while the other leads to death. There are two armed giants,each gaurding one of the doors.You know that the giants names are Ivan and Mike.You do not know which is which. You also know that one of them always tells the truth, while the other always tells lies.Yet again,you do not know which is which. You are allowed to ask one of the giants one question. What question should you ask???
Some say we are red, some say we are green. Some play us, some spray us. What are we?
Mr. and Mrs. Wilson have five children, half of them are boys.How is this possible?
A woman shoots her husband. Then she holds him under water for over 5 minutes. Finally, she hangs him. But 5 minutes later they both go out together and enjoy a wonderful dinner together. How can this be?
What falls but doesn't break, and what breaks but doesn't fall?
what is a triangle with 2 sides?
What goes into the water red and comes out black?
A magician was boasting one day at how long he could hold his breath under water. His record was 6 minutes. A kid that was listening said, \"that's nothing, I can stay under water for 10 minutes using no types of equipment or air pockets!\" The magician told the kid if he could do that, he'd give him $10,000. The kid did it and won the money. Can you figure out how?
My first is high, My second damp, My whole a tie, A writer's cramp.
I can be cracked, I can be made. I can be told, I can be played. What am I?
what is perfect, pretty, and smart?
{ I GO UP AND DOWN.... BUT NEVER MOVE. WHO AM I?
On a fine sunny day a ship was in the harbor. All of a sudden the ship began to sink. There was no storm and nothing wrong with the ship yet it sank right in front of the spectators eyes. What caused the ship to sink?
Find the four digit number in which the first digit is one fourth of the last digit, the second digit is 6 times the first digit, and the third digit is the second digit plus 3.
One by one we come to life and side by side we wait, while our company swells in number some come early some come late. Some will bore you, some enthrill, but you can not choose between us, you must take us one and all, because we're bound together tightly and we're naught if we break free; if you want some clues about us simply answer who are we?
No legs have I to dance, No lungs have I to breathe, No life have I to live or die And yet I do all three. What am I?
A man buys a rope from a woman for $3.00 and hands the woman a $10 bill. The woman goes into the grocery store next door to get change. She returns and gives the man $7.00. After the man leaves, the clerk from the store comes and says, \"Hey, that was a counterfeit bill you gave me.\" The woman gives the clerk a good bill. How much has the woman lost?
A man is late for an appointment and, in his haste, takes a corner so fast that only two wheel were on the pavement. A police man is standing on the corner, but he did not give him a ticket. Why?
I am the black child of a white father, a wingless bird, flying even to the clouds of heaven. I give birth to tears of mourning in pupils that meet me, even though there is no cause for grief, and at once on my birth I am dissolved into air.  Who am I?
Harry went out to dinner with his friends Larry, Barry, and Gary. Harry sat across from Gary. At Gary's right, opposite Barry, sat Larry. When the waiter came for their orders, Larry and Barry ordered steak. Gary chose fish, and Harry (who likes to be difficult) ordered like this: \"Unless the man at the left of the man opposite the man who ordered fish is not having what the man across from the man at the right of the man at my left is having, then I'll have what the man across from the man at the right of the man opposite me ordered. Otherwise, bring me the fettucine alfredo.\" Assuming \"right\" and \"left\" is from the viewpoint of the diners, what did Harry order?
What goes into the water black and comes out red?
{ People walk on me day and night. I never sleep...... Who am I?
Here on Earth it's always true, that a day follows a day. But there is a place where yesterday always follows today!
I have two arms, but fingers none. I have two feet, but cannot run. I carry well, but I have found I carry best with my feet OFF the ground. What am I?
The man who made it doesn't want it, The man who bought it doesn't need it, The man who has it can't see it... What is it???
there is a man he leaves home and runs around three blocks, when he comes back home their are two masked men, who are they?
When one does not know what it is, then it is something; but when one knows what it is, then it is nothing.
{ A dad and son are in a car accident  and the dad dies instantly  and the son gets sent to hospital...    The doctors have to operate on him, but one of the doctors turns around and says, \"I can't operate on him.... he's my son. \"  Who am I??
I make you weak at the worst of times but in the ned i keep you safe, You will sweat in my presience even as you grow cold, i dwell with the weak and easily the brave but with out me who could tell the difference. Who am I?
A man was just about to put his key in the door when he heard his wife scream \"No Charlie, don't do it!\" The man walked in his house to find his wife dead on the floor next to a doctor, a lawyer and a police officer. None of them had name tags and the man did not know who any of them were. The only thing the man knew is that the police officer did it.  How did he know?
What time is it when the clock strikes 13?
There is a barrel with no lid and some wine in it. \"This barrel of wine is more than half full,\" said Curly. \"No it's not,\" says Mo. \"It's less than half full.\"  Without any measuring implements and without removing any wine from the barrel, how can they easily determine who is correct?
A certain number has three digits. The sum of the three digits equals 36 times this number. Seven times the left digit plus 9 is equal to 5 times the sum of the two other digits. 8 times the second digit minus 9 is equal to the sum of the first and third. What is the number?
Peter celebrated his birthday on one day, and two days later his older twin brother, Paul, celebrated his birthday. How could this be?
a person was building a house, and then it fell down, he did not get hurt nor get mad,on the count on, he knew it was going to fall and he did not expect any one to live in it.what happened?
How Far Can You Walk into the woods?
What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs?
How can you clasp someone's hands together in such a manner that they cannot leave the room without unclasping them?
I can trap many different things and colors, Ever changing, not boring. Look closely and you may find yourself also caught in my trap.  What am I?
You can take off all of my skin and I will not cry but YOU will Why ?
I am a fruit. I taste very yummy. I came from trees, ofcourse. I am color orange. What am I?
I'm a god, a planet, and measurer of heat. Who am I?
Who are the two brothers who live on opposite sides of the road yet never see each other?
What force and strength cannot get through I with a gentle touch can do, And many in the street would stand were I not a friend in hand.
I am thought to be everywhere, and I only have one rival. He hides within himself, and stays wherever I cannot reach.  Who am I? and Who is my rival??
I can be created by humans, but they cannot control me. I suck on wood, paper and flesh alike. I can be more of a hindrance than help. To my creators, I seem to be everywhere at once.  What am I?
I am the beginning of sorrow, and the end of sickness. You cannot express happiness without me, yet I am in the midst of crosses. I am always in risk, yet never in danger. You may find me in the sun, but I am never out of darkness.
Why did the baseball coach tell the baseball player to go to the bank?
how many animals did moses take on the arc with him?
I say everything I hear to others around. I'm not an animal, nor part of the human race. I will, immediately, repeat after you; But only if my tail is in place. What am I?
There is a bus full of people travelling over San Francisco and no one gets off the bus throughout the journey. But when it gets to the other side there is not a single person left. How is this possible?
A headless lawyer had a letter to write; It was read by a man who had lost his sight. The dumb repeated it word for word; And deaf was he who listened and heard.
When you stop and look, you can always see me. If you try to touch you cannot feel me. I cannot move, but as you near me, I will move away from you. What am I?
I soar without wings, I see without eyes. I've traveled the universe to and fro. I've conquered the world, yet I've never been anywhere but home. Who am I?
Ray Whitcombe is found dead in his office at his desk. The police have narrowed the suspects down to three people: Mrs. Barbara Whitcombe, Ray's wife; Mr. Jason McCubbins, Ray's business partner; and Mr. Harold Nichols, Ray's best friend. All three visited Mr. Whitcombe the day of his murder, but all three provide the police with stories of explanation as to the reason for their visit. Police found Mr. Whitcombe with his wrist watch still on his right arm, a torn up picture of his wife laying on the floor beside the trash can, and an ink pen in his right hand.  On the desk, the police found a name plate, a telephone that was off the hook, and a personal calendar turned to the July 5th page with 7B91011 written on it. After examining this evidence, the police knew their suspect. Who was it?
Shortly after jumping from an aircraft at 5000 or so feet, a man deploys his parachute. When he looks up he sees a rather large hole in his parachute.  Nonetheless he lands safely without assistance and without using his reserve chute. Why did he survive?
As a whole, I am both safe and secure. Behead me, and I become a place of meeting. Behead me again, and I am the partner of ready. Restore me, and I become the domain of beasts. What am I?
A white dove flew down by the castle. Along came a king and picked it up handless, ate it up toothless, and carried it away wingless.
I'm not really more than holes tied to more holes; I'm strong as good steel, though not as stiff as a pole. What am I?
When I left, I didn't know where I was going; when I got there, I didn't know where I was; when I returned, I didn't know where I had been. Who was I?
There lived a man in a house and everytime he went to bed he turned on the light. One night, the man forgot to turn on the light. The next day he read the paper and killed himself. Why?
Round as a button, Deep as a well. If you want me to talk, You must first pull my tail.  What am I?
A doctor and a bus driver are both in love with the same woman, an attractive girl named Sarah. The bus driver had to go on a long bustrip that would last a week. Before he left, he gave Sarah seven apples. Why?
a cat goes to the top of a 50 story building and jumpsout but doesnt die or get hurt and doesnt land on any thing,what happened
If a man carried my burden he would break his back. I am not big but leave silver in my tracks. What am I?
Pronounced as one letter, But look and you'll see, That really I'm written with three. I'm read from both ends, The same either way.  What am I?
You see a pig in the middle of the road. What do you do? A)Yell piggy figgy higgy kiggy biggy diggy B)Get a burger C)Go to an Irish Dance Competition D)Buy a money clip E)Jump F)Call your mom and say WOOOO HOOOO! G)Yes
It runs and runs but can never flee. It is often watched, yet never sees. When long it brings boredom, When short it brings fear. What is it?
What is once in a minute, twice in a moment, and never in a thousand years?
What is the color of the vest's sleeves ? ...
Almost everyone sees me without noticing me, For what is beyond is what he or she seeks. What am I?
I'm the part of the bird that's not in the sky. I can swim in the ocean and yet remain dry. What am I?
In marble walls as white as milk, Lined with skin as soft as silk, Within a fountain crystal clear, A golden apple does appear. No doors are there to this stronghold-- Yet thieves break in and steal the gold.
At dusk I come without being fetched.  At dawn I disappear without being stolen.  I'm a poet's tears and a sailor's guide. What am I ?
There is a pink single story house and everything in it is pink. The doors are pink, the windows are pink and the TV is pink. What color are the stairs....
what has six legs but olny walks with 4?
What kind of storm is always in a rush?
I am the fountain from which no one can drink. For many I am considered a necessary link. Like gold to all I am sought for, But my continued death brings wealth for all to want more. .What am I?
You and your three friends stay over night at a hotel it costs thirty to stay over each of you pay 10 bucks shortly after you get back the bellhop arrives and gives you 5 bucks becasue it was only 25 dollars you give the bellhop a tip of 2 bucks and your friends both a dollar   WHERE DID THE LAST DOLLAR GO !!!
What sport has four letters, is played all around the world, and begins with a T?
What is that which goes with a carriage, comes with a carriage, is of no use to a carriage, and yet the carriage cannot go without it?
a man and his son were driving to meet there mom when they got in a car wreck. on the way to the ER the man past away. the surgeon said i cant operate on this boy he is my son. how ca n this be?
A girl is twice as old as her brother and half as old as her father. In 50 years, her brother will be half as old as his father. How old is the daughter now?
What can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps?
The higher I climb, the hotter I engage, I can not escape my crystal cage. What am I?
Poke your fingers in my eyes and I will open wide my jaws. Linen cloth, quills, or paper, my greedy lust devours them all.
When I am young I am tall. When I am old I am short.  What can I be?
My voice is tender, my waist is slender and I'm often invited to play. Yet wherever I go I must take my bow or else I have nothing to say. What am I?
so your in a mansion and the powers out. you see a green door and a red door which do you go through (It does'nt matter which door). Now you see a purple door and a orange door which do you go through. now you see a door with a golden handle and a door with a silver handle which door do you go through no you finally come to some signs 1 says death from drowning another says death from machine guns and the last 1 says death from electric chair (all the signs are on doors). then you see a big sign that says or stay in the mansion and starve to death. which do you do and also live.
What kind of can never needs a can-opener?
You want to send a valuable object to a friend. You have a box which is more than large enough to contain the object. You have several locks with keys. The box has a locking ring which is more than large enough to have a lock attached. But your friend does not have the key to any lock that you have. How do you do it? Note that you cannot send a key in an unlocked box, since it might be copied.
A cloud was my mother, the wind is my father, my son is the cool stream, and my daughter is the fruit of the land. A rainbow is my bed, the earth my final resting place, and I'm the torment of man.
If you say my name I am no more.
Why Does  1 = 3  2 = 3  3 = 5  4 = 4  5 = 4  6 = 3  7 = 5  8 = 5  9 = 4  10 = 3
Walking home one day, you take a short cut along the train tracks. The tracks cross a narrow bridge over a deep gorge. At the point you are 3/8 of the way across the bridge, you hear the train whistle somewhere behind you. You charge across the bridge, and jump off the track as the train is about to run you down. As it happens, if you had gone the other way, you would have reached safety just before being run over as well.  If you can run ten miles per hour, how fast is the train moving?
I have a little house in which I live all alone. It has no doors or windows, and if I want to go out I must break through the wall.
Why did the Indian chief wear so many feathers?
if you stack thousands of pizza pies on top of eachother what would you get?
Joe bets Tony $100 that he can predict the score of the football game before it starts. Tony agrees, but loses the bet. Why did Tony lose the bet?
A young boy needs to cross a bridge that can only hold 100 pounds of weight. The young boy weighs 98 pounds. The young boy also has 3 balls that each weigh 1 pound each. The yougn boy needs to get across the bridge with all the balls at the exact same time. How does he get across the bridge with all 3 balls at the same time?
if you're paddling upstream in a canoe and a wheel falls off, how many pancakes are in the doghouse?
Trains travel from one town to another town all day, always on the same track, always going nonstop and at the same speed. The noon train took 80 minutes to complete the trip, but the 4 PM train took an hour and 20 minutes. Why?
Some try to hide, some try to cheat, but time will show, we always will meet. Try as you might, to guess my name, I promise you'll know, when you I do claim. Who am I?
There was a buss with 26 people in it. Then, they decided to cross the Golden Gate Bridge. When they crossed the bridge, there was no single person left. Also, no one got out from the bus. What happened?
A man lay dead in a room with 51 bicycles around him. What happened?
John was very tired after a long day of work. He went to bed at 10 p.m., wound his alarm clock and set it for noon the next day. Since John fell asleep almost immediately, how many hours of sleep did he get before the alarm woke him?
What is so fragile that when you say its name you break it?
Other than being colors, what do the words orange, silver and purple have in common?
What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs?
What is round as a dishpan, deep as a tub, and still the oceans couldn't fill it up?
A kind man comes across a dirty box, a voice says to him \"Coconuts, $5 a dozen\" With his lightning quick arithmetic he calculates that if he sold those same coconuts to the coconut air assault team for the accepted rate of $3 per dozen that in no time at all he would be a millionaire. What's with this guy, assuming his math is accurate?
If you spell out all the numbers, how far do you have to go until you use the letter a?
A man ordered a length of rope by telephone from his nearest hardware shop. But when he went to collect the rope, he found that the assistant had miswritten the order by interchanging feet and inches. As a result of this, the rope was only 30 percent of the length that the man wanted. What length did he want and what length did he get?
In a pond there are some flowers with some bees hovering over the flowers. How many flowers and bees are there if both the following statements are true:  1. If each bee lands on a flower, one bee doesn't get a flower. 2. If two bees share each flower, there is one flower left out.
Five women each purchase a household item for use in a different room.  1. Mrs. Simpson does not keep her item in the bedroom. 2. Amy has a television; Mrs. Griggs has a hi-fi. 3. Kylie does not keep her item in the bedroom. 4. Clara does not have a telephone. 5. Mrs. Williams does not keep her item in the kitchen. 6. Kylie keeps hers in the conservatory. 7. Michelle has a bookcase; Mrs. Dingle has a computer. 8. Michelle does not keep her in the living room. 9. Mrs. Pringle keeps hers in the study; Roxanne keeps hers in the kitchen.  Can you work out the full name of each woman, her item and where she keeps it?
I fly, yet I have no wings. I cry, yet I have no eyes. Darkness follows me; lower light I never see.
There were five men going to church and it started to rain. The four that ran got wet and the one that stood still stayed dry.
Three cars had driven into a parking lot at the same time, and the three drivers left them all for the attendant to park. Unfortunately, he isn't too good at remembering exactly which driver drove which car. However, he is sure of these 6 facts:  a. Colin drove the BMW if and only if Mr. Cooper drove the Avenger. b. Alan drove the Cortina if and only if Mr. Cooper drove the BMW. c. Colin is Mr. Brown if and only if Mr. Andrews drove the BMW. d. Brian is Mr. Andrews if and only if Colin drove the BMW. e. Mr. Cooper drove the Avenger if and only if Alan is Mr. Brown. f. Colin is Mr. Brown if and only if Alan drove the Cortina.  Who arrived with which car?
My voice rises above the din, Sometimes catching all unaware. I never ask questions, yet get many answers.
I can flutter and take your breath away. I can take a beating, but do not bruise. If I stopped you would be sure to lose. Everyday I am with you. What am I?
I herald the darkness which descends on all creatures; You will know my approach by moans and wracked features. I visit the hippo, hyena, and horse, But never go near snails and spiders, of course. I would circle the glove, leaping one to the other, Should all the world's people ever clasp hands together.  What am I?
If you are a velophile, what is it that you love?
My thunder comes before the lightning; My lightning comes before the clouds; My rain dries all the land it touches. What am I?
There are four brothers in this world that were all born together. The first runs and never wearies. The second eats and is never full. The third drinks and is always thirsty. The fourth sings a song that is never good.
A hiker comes to a fork in the road and doesn't know which way to go to reach his destination. There are two men at the fork, one of whom always tells the truth while the other always lies. The hiker doesn't know which is which, though. He may ask one of the men only one question to find his way. Which man does he ask, and what is the question?
They can trickle down, They can tickle too. Or make you sneeze, Or comfort you. Their rustling sound, you've rarely heard, Unless you're a pillow or a bird!  What are they?
Four children, Rob, Danny, Martha and Bent, had a race across the yard. Danny was as many places behind Martha as Bent was ahead of Rob. Martha was not first and Rob was not second.  Who was first, second, third and fourth?
What has to be broken before it can be used?
It's been around for millions of years, but it's no more than a month old. What is it?
Rungs of a Ladder The rungs of a 10 foot ladder attached to a ship are 1 foot apart. If the water is rising at the rate of one foot an hour, how long will it take until the water covers over the ladder?...
A father's child, a mother's child, yet no one's son. Who am I?
There was a yellow eye on a blue face, and a red eye on a green face. The yellow eye said to the red eye \"we are both the same, only i'm higher, and you are lower\". What are they?
The two dice in each pair are identical. As usual, the numbers on opposite sides add up to seven.  On each pair, what is the total of the two hidden sides that face each other?   CLUE:Dice A has a 5 and 3{mospagebreak}
life after death it repeats it's self, green to brown it is neither men nor women. what am I?
Inspector Morse was outside a milkbar when a lady screamed 'NO JOHN NO!!' inspector Morse ran inside the milkbar and inside there was a woman dead on the floor in the Bar there was a lawyer , a milkman , a singer , a teacher and the shop owner . Without hesitation Inspector Morse arrested the milkman. Why is this ?
What has no heart Yet is alive? It never moves People stab it with knives.
A father's child, a mother's child, yet no one's son. Who am I?
I've got ten or more daughters. I've got less than ten daughters. I've got at least one daughter. If only one of these statements is true, how many daughters have I got?
a cat goes to the top of a 50 story building and jumpsout but doesnt die or get hurt and doesnt land on any thing,what happened
You pick it, You peel the outside, You cook the inside, You eat the outside, And throw away the inside.  What am I?
what is black when clean and white when dirty?
I come at the end of time and at the start of eternitiy. I come four times in every week, but only once in a thousand years. What am I?
